1.To verify that all menu categories display on home screen.
2.To verify that menu images display with all details.
3.To verify that if menu image not display by default image display.
4.To verify that click on anywhere on cart navigate to product details screen.
5.To verify that click on menu name display product details screen.
6.To verify that click on favourite icon (heart) its shown in favourite.
7.To verify that search textbox allowed minimum three characters
8.To verify that bottom navigation is visible at search screen.
9.To verify that click on back button of serach screen.
10.To verify that searching history is shown.
11.To verify that on my order screen click on home icon.
12.To verify that completed order shown on my order completed screen,
13.To verify that bottom navigation is visible to my order screen.
14.To verify that my cart screen has bottom navigation bar visible.
15.To verify that click on account setting display setting screen.
16.To verify that in edit profile personal information is updated.
17.To verify that when click on Qand Ans.
18.To verify that on menu screen bottom navigation is visible.
19.To verify that menu count display in perticular category.
20.To verify that display chilly spicy level icon on menu card.
21.To verify that all details display in product details.
22.To verify that all menus spicy index shown.
23.To verify that available menu shown category. 
24.To verify that after verify OTP it goes to home screen.
25.To verify that signIn button is disabled when email not entered
26.To verify that signin button is active when email entered.
27.To verify that create account hyperlink is working.
28.To verify that bottom of signIn screen company name display .
29.To verify that after enter OTP line is .
30.To verify that in OTP texbox Enter OTP as placeholder write properly.
31.To verify that Verify and proceed button is disabled.
32.To verify that sign in hyperlink is working
33.To verify that company name is shown properly at bottom of verify OTP screen.
34.To verify that bottom navigation bar visible to checkout page.
35.To verify that company name is as per original name.
36.To verify that if menu already added to cart, it shows go to cart on product details.
37.To verify that  maximum limit is 20 for menus added to cart.
38.To verify that on checkout menus amount and subtotal amount properly aligned.
39.To verify that name field accept character only.
40.To verify that number field accept 10 digit mobile number.
41.To verify that not proceed without tick on condition checkbox.
42.To verify that signup button is enabled when all field are filled.
43.To verify that if field empty display error message.
